{"config":{"lang":["en"],"separator":"[\\s\\-]+","pipeline":["stopWordFilter"]},"docs":[{"location":"","title":"SIG/HPC Wiki","text":"<p>This SIG is aiming to provide various HPC packages to support building HPC cluster using Rocky Linux systems</p>"},{"location":"#responsibilities","title":"Responsibilities","text":"<p>Developing and maintaining various HPC related packages, this may include porting, optimized and contributing to upstream sources to support HPC initiative</p>"},{"location":"#meetings-communications","title":"Meetings / Communications","text":"<p>We are meeting on bi-weekly bases on Google meet for now and you may check RESF community calendar here also check Contact US page to reach us</p>"},{"location":"about/","title":"About","text":"<p>TBD</p>"},{"location":"contact/","title":"Contact US","text":"<p>We hang out in our SIG/HPC Mattermost channel and #rockylinux-sig-hpc on irc.libera.chat \"bridged to our MatterMost channel\" also our SIG forums are located here</p>"},{"location":"events/","title":"SIG/HPC Meeting","text":"<p>We are meeting twice a month on bi-weekly bases on Thursday at 9:00 PM UTC here on Google meet - for now -</p>"},{"location":"installation/","title":"Repo Installation","text":"<p>\"\"\"This page is still under construction\"\"\"</p> <p>For Rocky 8 and 9, <code>dnf install rocky-release-hpc</code> will install the required repos</p>"},{"location":"installation/#slurm-installation","title":"Slurm installation:","text":"<p>For Rocky 9: <code>dnf install slurm22</code> or <code>dnf install slurm23</code></p> <p>For Rocky 8: you need to enable PowerTools repo first, then <code>dnf install slurm22</code> or <code>dnf install slurm23</code></p> <p>Slurm is divided into multiple packages, so <code>dnf search slurm</code> might be a good idea to fetch whatever packages you need</p>"},{"location":"packages/","title":"SIG/HPC Packages","text":"<p>Those are some of the packages that we are thinking to maintain and support within this SIG </p> <pre><code>* Lustre server and client\n* Slurm\n* Apptainer\n* Easybuild\n* Spack\n* opempi build slurm support\n* Lmod\n* conda\n* sstack\n* fail2ban - in EPEL not sure if it's fit in this SIG -\n* glusterfs-server - Better suited under SIG/Storage -\n* glusterfs-selinux - Better suited under SIG/Storage -\n* Cython\n* genders\n* pdsh\n* gcc (latest releases, parallel install)\n* autotools\n* cmake\n* hwloc (this really needs to support parallel versions)\n* libtool\n* valgrind (maybe)\n* charliecloud\n* Warewulf (if all config options are runtime instead of pre-compiled)\n* magpie\n* openpbs\n* pmix\n* NIS : ypserv, ypbind, yptools and a correspdonding nss_nis (took the source rpms from fedora and recompiled them for R9)\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-04-20/","title":"SIG/HPC meeting 2023-04-20","text":""},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-04-20/#attendees","title":"Attendees:","text":"<pre><code>* Alan Marshall\n* Nje\n* Neil Hanlon\n* Matt Bidwell\n* David (NezSez)\n* Jonathan Andreson\n* Stack\n* Balaji\n* Sherif\n* Gregorgy Kurzer\n* David DeBonis\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-04-20/#quick-round-of-introduction","title":"Quick round of introduction","text":"<p>Everyone introduced themselves</p>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-04-20/#definition-of-stakeholders","title":"Definition of stakeholders","text":"<p>\"still needs lots to clarification and classification since those are very wide terms\"</p> <pre><code>* HPC End-user ?maybe?\n* HPC Systems admins and engineers, to provide them with tools and know how to build HPC clusters using Rocky linux\n* HPC Vendors, however the SIG has to be vendor neutral and agnostic\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-04-20/#discussions","title":"Discussions:","text":"<p>Stack: we need to make sure that we are not redoing efforts that already done with other groups Greg engaged with Open HPC community and providing some core packages such as apptainer, mpi, openHPC</p> <p>Sherif: we need to have one hat to fit most of all but we can't have one hat that fit all Stack: Feedback regarding Sherif's idea that generic idea's are not great idea and there is a bad performance Greg: we need to put building blocks in the this repo and will make life easiest and lower the barriers like Spack, slurm and easybuild</p> <p>Devid (NezSez): Some end users won't understand / know anything about HPC and just needs to use the HPC, such as Maya or dynamic fluids</p> <p>Neil: some tools can be very easily an entry point for organization and teams to use HPC like jupiter playbook</p> <p>Stack: HPC is usually tuned to different needs, we can reach to other HPC that are running Rocky to ask them to promate rocky and establish a dialog to get an idea of what things that they are running into rocky</p> <p>Matt: HPC out of the box there are few projects that doing that and we don't need to run in circles of what we are going to </p> <p>Balaji: SIG for scientific application that focus on support the application and optimization, and HPC suggest the architecture  to reach max capabilities</p> <p>Greg: Agreeing with stack we don't want to provide application that there are tools that do that</p> <p>Gregory Kurtzer (Chat): A simple strategy might be just to start assembling a list of packages we want to include as part of SIG/HPC, and be open minded as this list expands.</p> <p>Neil Hanlon(Chat): actually have to leave now, but, if we make some sort of toolkit, it has to be quite unopinionated... OpenStack-Ansible is a good example of being unopinionated about how you run your openstack cluster(s), but give you all the tools to customize and tune to your unique situation, too</p>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-04-20/#remarks","title":"Remarks:","text":"<pre><code>* A point raised, should be rebuild some packages that area already in Epel or not and if we shall have a higher priority on our repo or not\n* We need to think more about conflicts with other SIGs like lustre and sig storage\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-04-20/#action-items","title":"Action items:","text":"<pre><code>* List of applications \u201cThread on MM to post pkgs\u201d\n* Building blocks which are each pkg as a building block such as lustre, openHPC, slurm, etc\u2026\n* Reach out to other communities \u201cGreg\u201d\n* Reaching out for different sites that uses Rocky for HPC \u201cStack will ping few of them and others as well -Group effort-\u201d\n* Reaching out to hardware vendors\n* Statistic / public registry for sites / HPC to add themselves if they want\n* Meeting will be bi-weekly \u201cTantive Thursday 9:00PM UTC\u201d\n* Documentations\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-05-04/","title":"SIG/HPC meeting 2023-05-04","text":""},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-05-04/#attendees","title":"Attendees:","text":"<pre><code>* Neil Hanlon\n* Matt Bidwell\n* Stack\n* Sherif\n* Nick Eggleston\n* Gregory Kurtzer\n* Forrest Burt\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-05-04/#package-lists","title":"Package lists","text":"<pre><code>* Slurm - Epel\n* Apptainer - Epel\n* Lustre - lustre.org , no server for el9 \n* Warewulf - HPCNG github only el8\n* Easybuild \n* OpenHPC\n* Spack\n* openmpi *with slurm support*\n* glusterfs-server gluster-selinux\n* NIS, ypserv , ypbind, yptools nss_nis\n* fail2ban\n* Lmod\n* conda\n* sstack\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-05-04/#discussions","title":"Discussions:","text":"<p>Greg: suggesting to have our own slurm, apptainer, singulatory, Warewulf</p> <p>Greg: We can reach to DDN about anything related to Luster</p> <p>Sherif: Suggesting to start building packages</p> <p>Nick: To build the community we need to start looking into documentation and forums</p> <p>Stack: we need to be careful and have strong justification for rebuilding stuff that exists in Epel</p> <p>Greg: asked how HPC centre prefer to manage / or already managing their slurm setup</p> <p>Few members mentioned one of the following two methods:     * Keep upgrading on minor version of slurm     * Keep upgrading on minor version of slurm then a major upgrade in a scheduled maintains window</p> <p>Greg and Nick: adding major-minor version in package name something like python2/3</p> <p>Sherif: Asking about Testing methodology with testing team</p> <p>Stack: They hope at some point they are able to test all sigs and working on getting OpenQA build for this</p>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-05-04/#action-items","title":"Action items:","text":"<pre><code>* Start building slurm\n* Start building apptainer\n* Start building singulartiry\n* Start building warewulf\n* Greg reach out for OpenHPC - done\n* Sherif: check about fourms\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-05-04/#old-business","title":"Old business:","text":"<pre><code>* List of applications \u201cThread on MM to post pkgs\u201d - We have an idea now of which packages we need to build -\n* Building blocks which are each pkg as a building block such as lustre, openHPC, slurm, etc\u2026 - We have an idea of what we need to do -\n* Reach out to other communities \u201cGreg\u201d - on going -\n* Reaching out for different sites that uses Rocky for HPC \u201cStack will ping few of them and others as well -Group effort-\u201d\n* Reaching out to hardware vendors - nothing done yet - \n* Statistic / public registry for sites / HPC to add themselves if they want - nothing done yet -\n* Meeting will be bi-weekly \u201cTantive Thursday 9:00PM UTC\u201d - Agreed -\n* Documentations - Wiki is in place but still need some work -\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-05-18/","title":"SIG/HPC meeting 2023-05-18","text":""},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-05-18/#attendees","title":"Attendees:","text":"<pre><code>* Stack\n* Forrest Burt\n* Nick Eggleston\n* David H\n* Jeremy Siadal\n* Al Bowles\n* Chris Simmons\n* Sherif\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-05-18/#discussions","title":"Discussions:","text":"<p>Chris: Are we willing to support all openHPC stack or just the modules and how we imagine achieving this?</p> <p>Jeremy: Clear a bit of distro related stuff from openHPC would be great such as automake / autoconf</p> <p>Stack: We need to have a base line so people can start use rocky on HPC and make Rocky accessible</p> <p>Chris: A Demo / technical talk in 4 weeks</p> <p>Chris: Are we going to focus on 8 and 9?</p> <p>Stack and Chris, would be great if we can focus on 9</p> <p>Sherif: I hope we can do both but with 9 in the spotlight \"this needs to be a SIG decision\"</p> <p>Stack: Question, if we start moving openHPC within HPC sig are they going support more distros, we don't want to break packages for other EL distros</p> <p>Chris: so far testing on Rocky as the only supported EL distro</p>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-05-18/#action-items","title":"Action items:","text":"<pre><code>* Get a demo / technical talk after 4 weeks \"Sherif can arrange that with Chris\"\n* Getting a list of packages that openHPC would like to move to distros \"Jeremy will be point of contact if we need those in couple of weeks\"\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-05-18/#old-business","title":"Old business:","text":""},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-05-18/#2023-05-04","title":"2023-05-04","text":"<pre><code>* Start building slurm - On going , a bit slowing down with R9.2 and R8.8 releases, however packages are built, some minor configurations needs to be fixed -\n* Start building apptainer - on hold -\n* Start building singulartiry - on hold -\n* Start building warewulf - on hold -\n* Sherif: check about forums - done, we can have our own section if we want, can be discussed over the chat -\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-05-18/#2023-04-20","title":"2023-04-20","text":"<pre><code>* Reach out to other communities \u201cGreg\u201d - on going -\n* Reaching out for different sites that uses Rocky for HPC \u201cStack will ping few of them and others as well -Group effort-\u201d\n* Reaching out to hardware vendors - nothing done yet -\n* Statistic / public registry for sites / HPC to add themselves if they want - nothing done yet -\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-06-01/","title":"SIG/HPC meeting 2023-06-01","text":""},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-06-01/#attendees","title":"Attendees:","text":"<pre><code>* Jeremy Siadal\n* Sherif\n* Gregory Kurtzer\n* David DeBonis\n* Chris Simmons\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-06-01/#discussions","title":"Discussions:","text":"<p>Getting toolchains outside of openHPC such as automake</p> <p>Greg: We need to talk if we need to have a generic SIG for toolchains</p> <p>Greg: We need to look into adding more release packages such as intel compiler</p> <p>Brain storm ideas about optimizing binaries</p> <p>David: What would be the interest of having a light weight kernel for HPC</p> <p>Jeremy: mentioning intel light weight kernel https://github.com/intel/mos</p> <p>Chris: asking if there is any benchmark, hard numbers between shipped kernel and light weight kernel, so far, nothing solid</p> <p>Sherif: Slurm now is build but not in standard path and we agreed we are going to move standard path </p> <p>Greg: make sure you have the provide type</p> <p>Chris: also make sure that downgrade works</p> <p>Greg and Chris, we can also contribute to openHPC documentation</p>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-06-01/#action-items","title":"Action items:","text":"<pre><code>* Get a list of packages from Jeremy to pick up from openHPC\n* Greg / Sherif talk in Rocky / RESF about generic SIG for common packages such as chaintools\n* Plan the openHPC demo Chris / Sherif\n* Finlise the slurm package with naming / configuration\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-06-01/#old-business","title":"Old business:","text":""},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-06-01/#2023-05-18","title":"2023-05-18:","text":"<pre><code>* Get a demo / technical talk after 4 weeks \"Sherif can arrange that with Chris\"\n* Getting a list of packages that openHPC would like to move to distros \"Jeremy will be point of contact if we need those in couple of weeks\"\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-06-01/#2023-05-04","title":"2023-05-04","text":"<pre><code>* Start building slurm - On going , a bit slowing down with R9.2 and R8.8 releases, however packages are built, some minor configurations needs to be fixed -\n* Start building apptainer - on hold -\n* Start building singulartiry - on hold -\n* Start building warewulf - on hold -\n* Sherif: check about forums - done, we can have our own section if we want, can be discussed over the chat -\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-06-01/#2023-04-20","title":"2023-04-20","text":"<pre><code>* Reach out to other communities \u201cGreg\u201d - on going -\n* Reaching out for different sites that uses Rocky for HPC \u201cStack will ping few of them and others as well -Group effort-\u201d\n* Reaching out to hardware vendors - nothing done yet -\n* Statistic / public registry for sites / HPC to add themselves if they want - nothing done yet -\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-06-15/","title":"SIG/HPC meeting 2023-06-15","text":""},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-06-15/#attendees","title":"Attendees:","text":"<pre><code>* Chris Simmons\n* Nick Eggleston\n* Forrest Burt\n* Stack\n* David DeBonis\n* Jeremy Siadal\n* Greg Kurtzer\n* Sherif\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-06-15/#discussions","title":"Discussions:","text":"<p>Chris gave a quick demo about openHPC / presentation </p> <p>Jeremy sent the packages</p> <p>Greg: asked how the SIG's slurm is compatible with openHPC</p> <p>Sherif needs to look at openHPC slurm packages</p> <p>Chris we need to look on how to build easybuild and look into how to improve it</p> <p>Chris and Greg talking about if there is any standard that explains how to build systems compatible with each others, openHPC does follow best practices from different entities</p> <p>Chris provided https://github.com/holgerBerger/hpc-workspace which now a part of openHPC</p> <p>Sherif mentioned, forums category is now in place https://forums.rockylinux.org/c/sig/hpc/61</p>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-06-15/#action-items","title":"Action items:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif to look int openHPC slurm spec file\n* We need to get lists of centres and HPC that are moving to Rocky to make a blog post and PR\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-06-15/#old-business","title":"Old business:","text":""},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-06-15/#2023-06-01","title":"2023-06-01:","text":"<pre><code>* Get a list of packages from Jeremy to pick up from openHPC - Done\n* Greg / Sherif talk in Rocky / RESF about generic SIG for common packages such as chaintools\n* Plan the openHPC demo Chris / Sherif - Done\n* Finlise the slurm package with naming / configuration - Done\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-06-15/#2023-05-18","title":"2023-05-18:","text":"<pre><code>* Get a demo / technical talk after 4 weeks \"Sherif can arrange that with Chris\" - Done\n* Getting a list of packages that openHPC would like to move to distros \"Jeremy will be point of contact if we need those in couple of weeks\" - Done\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-06-15/#2023-05-04","title":"2023-05-04","text":"<pre><code>* Start building slurm - On going, a bit slowing down with R9.2 and R8.8 releases, however packages are built, some minor configurations needs to be fixed -\n* Start building apptainer - on hold -\n* Start building singulartiry - on hold -\n* Start building warewulf - on hold -\n* Sherif: check about forums - done, we can have our own section if we want, can be discussed over the chat -\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-06-15/#2023-04-20","title":"2023-04-20","text":"<pre><code>* Reach out to other communities \u201cGreg\u201d - on going -\n* Reaching out for different sites that uses Rocky for HPC \u201cStack will ping few of them and others as well -Group effort-\u201d\n* Reaching out to hardware vendors - nothing done yet -\n* Statistic / public registry for sites / HPC to add themselves if they want - nothing done yet -\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-06-29/","title":"SIG/HPC meeting 2023-06-29","text":""},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-06-29/#attendees","title":"Attendees:","text":"<pre><code>* Matt Bidwell\n* Al Bowles\n* Forrest Burt\n* David H\n* Trevor Cooper\n* Jeremy Siadal\n* David DeBonis\n* Sherif\n* Brian Clemens\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-06-29/#discussions","title":"Discussions:","text":"<p>Sherif, Explains how slurm packaging is done so far</p> <p>Sherif, Recap what we are doing in the SIG in terms of packages and so on</p> <p>Al, do we have a testing plan, are we going to use QA?</p> <p>Sherif, No testing documentation yet, but we are working on getting this done</p> <p>Jeremy, Question about Redhat closing sources</p> <p>Sherif, Explained the UBI and the cloud method based on the latest Rocky blog post https://rockylinux.org/news/keeping-open-source-open/</p> <p>Jeremy, Maybe in the future we will divert from redhat for example an HPC optimized kernel</p> <p>Sherif, we will release the SIG repo packages today</p>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-06-29/#action-items","title":"Action items:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif release slurm23 sources\n* Stack and Sherif working on the HPC list\n* Sherif email Jeremy, the slurm23 source URL\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-06-29/#old-business","title":"Old business:","text":""},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-06-29/#2023-06-15","title":"2023-06-15:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif to look int openHPC slurm spec file - Pending on Sherif\n* We need to get lists of centres and HPC that are moving to Rocky to make a blog post and PR\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-06-29/#2023-06-01","title":"2023-06-01:","text":"<pre><code>* Get a list of packages from Jeremy to pick up from openHPC - Done\n* Greg / Sherif talk in Rocky / RESF about generic SIG for common packages such as chaintools\n* Plan the openHPC demo Chris / Sherif - Done\n* Finlise the slurm package with naming / configuration - Done\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-06-29/#2023-05-18","title":"2023-05-18:","text":"<pre><code>* Get a demo / technical talk after 4 weeks \"Sherif can arrange that with Chris\" - Done\n* Getting a list of packages that openHPC would like to move to distros \"Jeremy will be point of contact if we need those in couple of weeks\" - Done\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-06-29/#2023-05-04","title":"2023-05-04","text":"<pre><code>* Start building slurm - On going, a bit slowing down with R9.2 and R8.8 releases, however packages are built, some minor configurations needs to be fixed -\n* Start building apptainer - on hold -\n* Start building singulartiry - on hold -\n* Start building warewulf - on hold -\n* Sherif: check about forums - done, we can have our own section if we want, can be discussed over the chat -\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-06-29/#2023-04-20","title":"2023-04-20","text":"<pre><code>* Reach out to other communities \u201cGreg\u201d - on going -\n* Reaching out for different sites that uses Rocky for HPC \u201cStack will ping few of them and others as well -Group effort-\u201d\n* Reaching out to hardware vendors - nothing done yet -\n* Statistic / public registry for sites / HPC to add themselves if they want - nothing done yet -\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-07-13/","title":"SIG/HPC meeting 2023-07-13","text":""},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-07-13/#attendees","title":"Attendees:","text":"<pre><code>* Al Bowles\n* Sherif\n* Chris S\n* Mustafa\n* Forrest Burt\n* Jeremy Siadal\n* Gregory Kurtzer\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-07-13/#discussions","title":"Discussions:","text":"<p>Sherif mentioning the release of HPC sig repos and slurm22 , slumr23 for rocky 8 and 9</p> <p>Chris sent the link to look into openHPC slurm SPEC https://github.com/openhpc/ohpc/tree/3.x/components/rms/slurm/SPECS</p> <p>Sherif mostly we will need warewulf 3 and 4 to be build</p> <p>Sherif thinks about reaching out to the guys in EPEL to see any collaboration</p> <p>Sherif what to look for next?</p> <p>Chris, maybe MPI stack and openPBS and MPI intergration with slurm</p> <p>Sherif asks for the openHPC unit tests</p>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-07-13/#action-items","title":"Action items:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif needs to update the wiki\n* Sherif to look into MPI stack\n* Chris will send Sherif a link with intro\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-07-13/#old-business","title":"Old business:","text":""},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-07-13/#2023-06-29","title":"2023-06-29:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif release slurm23 sources - Done\n* Stack and Sherif working on the HPC list\n* Sherif email Jeremy, the slurm23 source URL - Done\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-07-13/#2023-06-15","title":"2023-06-15:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif to look int openHPC slurm spec file - Pending on Sherif\n* We need to get lists of centres and HPC that are moving to Rocky to make a blog post and PR\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-07-13/#2023-06-01","title":"2023-06-01:","text":"<pre><code>* Get a list of packages from Jeremy to pick up from openHPC - Done\n* Greg / Sherif talk in Rocky / RESF about generic SIG for common packages such as chaintools\n* Plan the openHPC demo Chris / Sherif - Done\n* Finlise the slurm package with naming / configuration - Done\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-07-13/#2023-05-18","title":"2023-05-18:","text":"<pre><code>* Get a demo / technical talk after 4 weeks \"Sherif can arrange that with Chris\" - Done\n* Getting a list of packages that openHPC would like to move to distros \"Jeremy will be point of contact if we need those in couple of weeks\" - Done\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-07-13/#2023-05-04","title":"2023-05-04","text":"<pre><code>* Start building slurm - On going, a bit slowing down with R9.2 and R8.8 releases, however packages are built, some minor configurations needs to be fixed -\n* Start building apptainer - on hold -\n* Start building singulartiry - on hold -\n* Start building warewulf - on hold -\n* Sherif: check about forums - done, we can have our own section if we want, can be discussed over the chat -\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-07-13/#2023-04-20","title":"2023-04-20","text":"<pre><code>* Reach out to other communities \u201cGreg\u201d - on going -\n* Reaching out for different sites that uses Rocky for HPC \u201cStack will ping few of them and others as well -Group effort-\u201d\n* Reaching out to hardware vendors - nothing done yet -\n* Statistic / public registry for sites / HPC to add themselves if they want - nothing done yet -\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-07-27/","title":"SIG/HPC meeting 2023-07-27","text":""},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-07-27/#attendees","title":"Attendees:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif\n* Jeremy Siadal\n* Stack\n* Scott Groel\n* Gregory Kurtzer\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-07-27/#discussions","title":"Discussions:","text":"<p>Chris, talked about the slurm system unit bug in upstream</p> <p>Sherif, asked about the openQA status</p> <p>Stack, they are working on that and still improving it</p> <p>Sherif, asked about the PMIX support and how to do it</p> <p>Jeremy, it is a bit more complex than what it seems but worth doing</p> <p>David, what is the added value from moving the PMIX to newer version</p> <p>Jeremy, we need to look at the user base and see if this is needed</p> <p>Stack, asks about PMIX and what it is</p> <p>David, the extension for pmix is more needed when you implement on scale and performance is an issue within slurm</p> <p>Greg, we can have pmix into the SIG, that's not a bad idea</p> <p>Jeremy, we will also need runtime aspects of it</p> <p>David, yes we will need both</p> <p>Jeremy, mentioned a package they would like to have into SIG/HPC they will send it to us</p> <p>Greg, will reach out to openPBS and cloud charly</p>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-07-27/#action-items","title":"Action items:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif: Reach out to jose-d about pmix - Done, no feedback yet -\n* Greg: to reach out to openPBS and clout charly\n* Sherif: To update slurm32 to latest\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-07-27/#old-business","title":"Old business:","text":""},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-07-27/#2023-07-13","title":"2023-07-13:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif needs to update the wiki - Done\n* Sherif to look into MPI stack\n* Chris will send Sherif a link with intro\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-07-27/#2023-06-29","title":"2023-06-29:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif release slurm23 sources - Done\n* Stack and Sherif working on the HPC list\n* Sherif email Jeremy, the slurm23 source URL - Done\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-07-27/#2023-06-15","title":"2023-06-15:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif to look int openHPC slurm spec file - Pending on Sherif\n* We need to get lists of centres and HPC that are moving to Rocky to make a blog post and PR\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-07-27/#2023-06-01","title":"2023-06-01:","text":"<pre><code>* Get a list of packages from Jeremy to pick up from openHPC - Done\n* Greg / Sherif talk in Rocky / RESF about generic SIG for common packages such as chaintools\n* Plan the openHPC demo Chris / Sherif - Done\n* Finlise the slurm package with naming / configuration - Done\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-07-27/#2023-05-18","title":"2023-05-18:","text":"<pre><code>* Get a demo / technical talk after 4 weeks \"Sherif can arrange that with Chris\" - Done\n* Getting a list of packages that openHPC would like to move to distros \"Jeremy will be point of contact if we need those in couple of weeks\" - Done\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-07-27/#2023-05-04","title":"2023-05-04","text":"<pre><code>* Start building slurm - On going, a bit slowing down with R9.2 and R8.8 releases, however packages are built, some minor configurations needs to be fixed -\n* Start building apptainer - on hold -\n* Start building singulartiry - on hold -\n* Start building warewulf - on hold -\n* Sherif: check about forums - done, we can have our own section if we want, can be discussed over the chat -\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-07-27/#2023-04-20","title":"2023-04-20","text":"<pre><code>* Reach out to other communities \u201cGreg\u201d - on going -\n* Reaching out for different sites that uses Rocky for HPC \u201cStack will ping few of them and others as well -Group effort-\u201d\n* Reaching out to hardware vendors - nothing done yet -\n* Statistic / public registry for sites / HPC to add themselves if they want - nothing done yet -\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-08-10/","title":"SIG/HPC meeting 2023-08-10","text":""},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-08-10/#attendees","title":"Attendees:","text":"<pre><code>* Scott Groel\n* Alan Marshall\n* Nick Eggleston\n* Stack\n* Jeremy Siadal\n* Sherif\n* Maxine Hayes\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-08-10/#discussions","title":"Discussions:","text":"<p>Sherif: summarizing the action items from previous meetings</p> <p>Jeremy: talked about some of the packages that needed to be within Rocky</p> <p>Sherif: Asked about testing summery</p> <p>Alan and Stack: We do have automated testing now and we are working on fixed openQA multi VM issues</p> <p>Sherif: speaking about package live cycle with testing and releasing</p>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-08-10/#action-items","title":"Action items:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif: Looking into the openQA testing\n* Sherif: To push the testing repo file to release package\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-08-10/#old-business","title":"Old business:","text":""},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-08-10/#2023-07-27","title":"2023-07-27:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif: Reach out to jose-d about pmix - Done, no feedback yet -\n* Greg: to reach out to openPBS and cloud charly\n* Sherif: To update slurm23 to latest - Done -\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-08-10/#2023-07-13","title":"2023-07-13:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif needs to update the wiki - Done\n* Sherif to look into MPI stack\n* Chris will send Sherif a link with intro\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-08-10/#2023-06-29","title":"2023-06-29:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif release slurm23 sources - Done\n* Stack and Sherif working on the HPC list\n* Sherif email Jeremy, the slurm23 source URL - Done\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-08-10/#2023-06-15","title":"2023-06-15:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif to look int openHPC slurm spec file - Pending on Sherif\n* We need to get lists of centres and HPC that are moving to Rocky to make a blog post and PR\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-08-10/#2023-06-01","title":"2023-06-01:","text":"<pre><code>* Get a list of packages from Jeremy to pick up from openHPC - Done\n* Greg / Sherif talk in Rocky / RESF about generic SIG for common packages such as chaintools\n* Plan the openHPC demo Chris / Sherif - Done\n* Finlise the slurm package with naming / configuration - Done\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-08-10/#2023-05-18","title":"2023-05-18:","text":"<pre><code>* Get a demo / technical talk after 4 weeks \"Sherif can arrange that with Chris\" - Done\n* Getting a list of packages that openHPC would like to move to distros \"Jeremy will be point of contact if we need those in couple of weeks\" - Done\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-08-10/#2023-05-04","title":"2023-05-04","text":"<pre><code>* Start building slurm - On going, a bit slowing down with R9.2 and R8.8 releases, however packages are built, some minor configurations needs to be fixed -\n* Start building apptainer - on hold -\n* Start building singulartiry - on hold -\n* Start building warewulf - on hold -\n* Sherif: check about forums - done, we can have our own section if we want, can be discussed over the chat -\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-08-10/#2023-04-20","title":"2023-04-20","text":"<pre><code>* Reach out to other communities \u201cGreg\u201d - on going -\n* Reaching out for different sites that uses Rocky for HPC \u201cStack will ping few of them and others as well -Group effort-\u201d\n* Reaching out to hardware vendors - nothing done yet -\n* Statistic / public registry for sites / HPC to add themselves if they want - nothing done yet -\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-08-24/","title":"SIG/HPC meeting 2023-08-24","text":""},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-08-24/#attendees","title":"Attendees:","text":"<pre><code>* Jeremy Siadal\n* Sherif\n* David DeBonis\n* Neil Hanlon\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-08-24/#discussions","title":"Discussions:","text":"<p>Sherif, give a recap of what's action missing / pending from last week</p> <p>Sherif, Needs to look at the scripts from the_real_swa</p> <p>Jeremy, asked about if the SIG will be upstream for openELA or not</p> <p>Sherif, at the moment RESF has their own tooling to obtain sources, however it will be a vote for Rocky Linux board and RESF board if we will be downstream of OpenELA</p>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-08-24/#action-items","title":"Action items:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif: To push the testing repo file to release package\n* Sherif: testing / merging the_real_swa scripts\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-08-24/#old-business","title":"Old business:","text":""},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-08-24/#2023-08-10","title":"2023-08-10:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif: Looking into the openQA testing - Pending\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-08-24/#2023-07-27","title":"2023-07-27:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif: Reach out to jose-d about pmix - Done, no feedback yet -\n* Greg: to reach out to openPBS and cloud charly\n* Sherif: To update slurm23 to latest - Done -\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-08-24/#2023-07-13","title":"2023-07-13:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif needs to update the wiki - Done\n* Sherif to look into MPI stack\n* Chris will send Sherif a link with intro\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-08-24/#2023-06-29","title":"2023-06-29:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif release slurm23 sources - Done\n* Stack and Sherif working on the HPC list\n* Sherif email Jeremy, the slurm23 source URL - Done\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-08-24/#2023-06-15","title":"2023-06-15:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif to look int openHPC slurm spec file - Pending on Sherif\n* We need to get lists of centres and HPC that are moving to Rocky to make a blog post and PR\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-08-24/#2023-06-01","title":"2023-06-01:","text":"<pre><code>* Get a list of packages from Jeremy to pick up from openHPC - Done\n* Greg / Sherif talk in Rocky / RESF about generic SIG for common packages such as chaintools\n* Plan the openHPC demo Chris / Sherif - Done\n* Finlise the slurm package with naming / configuration - Done\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-08-24/#2023-05-18","title":"2023-05-18:","text":"<pre><code>* Get a demo / technical talk after 4 weeks \"Sherif can arrange that with Chris\" - Done\n* Getting a list of packages that openHPC would like to move to distros \"Jeremy will be point of contact if we need those in couple of weeks\" - Done\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-08-24/#2023-05-04","title":"2023-05-04","text":"<pre><code>* Start building slurm - On going, a bit slowing down with R9.2 and R8.8 releases, however packages are built, some minor configurations needs to be fixed -\n* Start building apptainer - on hold -\n* Start building singulartiry - on hold -\n* Start building warewulf - on hold -\n* Sherif: check about forums - done, we can have our own section if we want, can be discussed over the chat -\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-08-24/#2023-04-20","title":"2023-04-20","text":"<pre><code>* Reach out to other communities \u201cGreg\u201d - on going -\n* Reaching out for different sites that uses Rocky for HPC \u201cStack will ping few of them and others as well -Group effort-\u201d\n* Reaching out to hardware vendors - nothing done yet -\n* Statistic / public registry for sites / HPC to add themselves if they want - nothing done yet -\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-09-07/","title":"SIG/HPC meeting 2023-09-07","text":""},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-09-07/#attendees","title":"Attendees:","text":"<pre><code>* Jeremy Siadal\n* Sherif\n* David DeBonis\n* Stack\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-09-07/#discussions","title":"Discussions:","text":"<p>Sherif, Asking if anyone would like that volunteer to maintain  some packages</p> <p>Jeremy, Will finalize the list of packages and then we can discuss it</p> <p>David, looking into specialized drivers such as Nvida drivers maybe they are more suitable for SIG/AI</p> <p>Jeremy, we need to look into the intel GPU drivers as well to be a part of the SIG/HPC or SIG/AI</p>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-09-07/#action-items","title":"Action items:","text":"<p>Sherif: Reaching out to AI SIG to check on hosting nvida that drivers that CIQ would like to contribute</p>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-09-07/#old-business","title":"Old business:","text":""},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-09-07/#2023-08-24","title":"2023-08-24:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif: To push the testing repo file to release package\n* Sherif: testing / merging the_real_swa scripts\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-09-07/#2023-08-10","title":"2023-08-10:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif: Looking into the openQA testing - Pending\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-09-07/#2023-07-27","title":"2023-07-27:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif: Reach out to jose-d about pmix - Done, no feedback yet -\n* Greg: to reach out to openPBS and cloud charly\n* Sherif: To update slurm23 to latest - Done -\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-09-07/#2023-07-13","title":"2023-07-13:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif needs to update the wiki - Done\n* Sherif to look into MPI stack\n* Chris will send Sherif a link with intro\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-09-07/#2023-06-29","title":"2023-06-29:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif release slurm23 sources - Done\n* Stack and Sherif working on the HPC list\n* Sherif email Jeremy, the slurm23 source URL - Done\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-09-07/#2023-06-15","title":"2023-06-15:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif to look int openHPC slurm spec file - Pending on Sherif\n* We need to get lists of centres and HPC that are moving to Rocky to make a blog post and PR\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-09-07/#2023-06-01","title":"2023-06-01:","text":"<pre><code>* Get a list of packages from Jeremy to pick up from openHPC - Done\n* Greg / Sherif talk in Rocky / RESF about generic SIG for common packages such as chaintools\n* Plan the openHPC demo Chris / Sherif - Done\n* Finlise the slurm package with naming / configuration - Done\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-09-07/#2023-05-18","title":"2023-05-18:","text":"<pre><code>* Get a demo / technical talk after 4 weeks \"Sherif can arrange that with Chris\" - Done\n* Getting a list of packages that openHPC would like to move to distros \"Jeremy will be point of contact if we need those in couple of weeks\" - Done\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-09-07/#2023-05-04","title":"2023-05-04","text":"<pre><code>* Start building slurm - On going, a bit slowing down with R9.2 and R8.8 releases, however packages are built, some minor configurations needs to be fixed -\n* Start building apptainer - on hold -\n* Start building singulartiry - on hold -\n* Start building warewulf - on hold -\n* Sherif: check about forums - done, we can have our own section if we want, can be discussed over the chat -\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-09-07/#2023-04-20","title":"2023-04-20","text":"<pre><code>* Reach out to other communities \u201cGreg\u201d - on going -\n* Reaching out for different sites that uses Rocky for HPC \u201cStack will ping few of them and others as well -Group effort-\u201d\n* Reaching out to hardware vendors - nothing done yet -\n* Statistic / public registry for sites / HPC to add themselves if they want - nothing done yet -\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-09-21/","title":"SIG/HPC meeting 2023-09-21","text":""},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-09-21/#attendees","title":"Attendees:","text":"<pre><code>* Jeremy Siadal\n* Sherif\n* Nick Eggleston\n* Jeremy Siadal\n* Chris S.\n* Scott Groel\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-09-21/#discussions","title":"Discussions:","text":"<p>Jeremy, We need spin off a special SIG for drivers</p> <p>Chris, Do we have a benchmark between the nvidia open source vs close source, also we might need to build two versions one of HPC sig and one for drivers sig</p> <p>Scott, is there any plans to supports xcat?</p>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-09-21/#action-items","title":"Action items:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif: Get the SIG for drivers\n* Sherif: Check the names of nvidia drivers \"open , dkms and closed source\"\n* Chris: Bench mark nvidia open vs closed source\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-09-21/#old-business","title":"Old business:","text":""},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-09-21/#2023-09-07","title":"2023-09-07:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif: Reaching out to AI SIG to check on hosting nvida that drivers that CIQ would like to contribute - Done and waiting to hear from them -\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-09-21/#2023-08-24","title":"2023-08-24:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif: To push the testing repo file to release package\n* Sherif: testing / merging the_real_swa scripts\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-09-21/#2023-08-10","title":"2023-08-10:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif: Looking into the openQA testing - Pending\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-09-21/#2023-07-27","title":"2023-07-27:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif: Reach out to jose-d about pmix - Done, no feedback yet -\n* Greg: to reach out to openPBS and cloud charly\n* Sherif: To update slurm23 to latest - Done -\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-09-21/#2023-07-13","title":"2023-07-13:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif needs to update the wiki - Done\n* Sherif to look into MPI stack\n* Chris will send Sherif a link with intro\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-09-21/#2023-06-29","title":"2023-06-29:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif release slurm23 sources - Done\n* Stack and Sherif working on the HPC list\n* Sherif email Jeremy, the slurm23 source URL - Done\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-09-21/#2023-06-15","title":"2023-06-15:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif to look int openHPC slurm spec file - Pending on Sherif\n* We need to get lists of centres and HPC that are moving to Rocky to make a blog post and PR\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-09-21/#2023-06-01","title":"2023-06-01:","text":"<pre><code>* Get a list of packages from Jeremy to pick up from openHPC - Done\n* Greg / Sherif talk in Rocky / RESF about generic SIG for common packages such as chaintools\n* Plan the openHPC demo Chris / Sherif - Done\n* Finlise the slurm package with naming / configuration - Done\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-09-21/#2023-05-18","title":"2023-05-18:","text":"<pre><code>* Get a demo / technical talk after 4 weeks \"Sherif can arrange that with Chris\" - Done\n* Getting a list of packages that openHPC would like to move to distros \"Jeremy will be point of contact if we need those in couple of weeks\" - Done\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-09-21/#2023-05-04","title":"2023-05-04","text":"<pre><code>* Start building slurm - On going, a bit slowing down with R9.2 and R8.8 releases, however packages are built, some minor configurations needs to be fixed -\n* Start building apptainer - on hold -\n* Start building singulartiry - on hold -\n* Start building warewulf - on hold -\n* Sherif: check about forums - done, we can have our own section if we want, can be discussed over the chat -\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-09-21/#2023-04-20","title":"2023-04-20","text":"<pre><code>* Reach out to other communities \u201cGreg\u201d - on going -\n* Reaching out for different sites that uses Rocky for HPC \u201cStack will ping few of them and others as well -Group effort-\u201d\n* Reaching out to hardware vendors - nothing done yet -\n* Statistic / public registry for sites / HPC to add themselves if they want - nothing done yet -\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-05/","title":"SIG/HPC meeting 2023-10-05","text":""},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-05/#attendees","title":"Attendees:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif\n* Stack\n* Chris S.\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-05/#discussions","title":"Discussions:","text":"<p>Chris, did some benchmark testing on cloud provider using scripts to install nvidia drivers and compile the open source, so far the closed source driver is performing better, but some more testing needed and we need to publish the results to our wiki</p> <p>open source out of tree kernel drivers should be in the SIG kernel as long as they are generic and then any performance enhanced one in the SIG HPC</p>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-05/#action-items","title":"Action items:","text":"<p>None for this meeting, however we should be working on old business action items</p>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-05/#old-business","title":"Old business:","text":""},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-05/#2023-09-21","title":"2023-09-21:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif: Get the SIG for drivers\n* Sherif: Check the names of nvidia drivers \"open , dkms and closed source\"\n* Chris: Bench mark nvidia open vs closed source\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-05/#2023-09-07","title":"2023-09-07:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif: Reaching out to AI SIG to check on hosting nvida that drivers that CIQ would like to contribute - Done and waiting to hear from them -\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-05/#2023-08-24","title":"2023-08-24:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif: To push the testing repo file to release package\n* Sherif: testing / merging the_real_swa scripts\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-05/#2023-08-10","title":"2023-08-10:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif: Looking into the openQA testing - Pending\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-05/#2023-07-27","title":"2023-07-27:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif: Reach out to jose-d about pmix - Done, no feedback yet -\n* Greg: to reach out to openPBS and cloud charly\n* Sherif: To update slurm23 to latest - Done -\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-05/#2023-07-13","title":"2023-07-13:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif needs to update the wiki - Done\n* Sherif to look into MPI stack\n* Chris will send Sherif a link with intro\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-05/#2023-06-29","title":"2023-06-29:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif release slurm23 sources - Done\n* Stack and Sherif working on the HPC list\n* Sherif email Jeremy, the slurm23 source URL - Done\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-05/#2023-06-15","title":"2023-06-15:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif to look int openHPC slurm spec file - Pending on Sherif\n* We need to get lists of centres and HPC that are moving to Rocky to make a blog post and PR\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-05/#2023-06-01","title":"2023-06-01:","text":"<pre><code>* Get a list of packages from Jeremy to pick up from openHPC - Done\n* Greg / Sherif talk in Rocky / RESF about generic SIG for common packages such as chaintools\n* Plan the openHPC demo Chris / Sherif - Done\n* Finlise the slurm package with naming / configuration - Done\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-05/#2023-05-18","title":"2023-05-18:","text":"<pre><code>* Get a demo / technical talk after 4 weeks \"Sherif can arrange that with Chris\" - Done\n* Getting a list of packages that openHPC would like to move to distros \"Jeremy will be point of contact if we need those in couple of weeks\" - Done\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-05/#2023-05-04","title":"2023-05-04","text":"<pre><code>* Start building slurm - On going, a bit slowing down with R9.2 and R8.8 releases, however packages are built, some minor configurations needs to be fixed -\n* Start building apptainer - on hold -\n* Start building singulartiry - on hold -\n* Start building warewulf - on hold -\n* Sherif: check about forums - done, we can have our own section if we want, can be discussed over the chat -\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-05/#2023-04-20","title":"2023-04-20","text":"<pre><code>* Reach out to other communities \u201cGreg\u201d - on going -\n* Reaching out for different sites that uses Rocky for HPC \u201cStack will ping few of them and others as well -Group effort-\u201d\n* Reaching out to hardware vendors - nothing done yet -\n* Statistic / public registry for sites / HPC to add themselves if they want - nothing done yet -\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-19/","title":"SIG/HPC meeting 2023-10-19","text":""},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-19/#attendees","title":"Attendees:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif\n* Stack\n* Alan Marshall\n* Jeremy Siadal\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-19/#discussions","title":"Discussions:","text":"<p>Stack, Asks about automating process for building slumr packages, Sherif explained the packaging process work and how we can improve it by using upstream monitoring tools</p> <p>Jeremy, suggesting to start working on HPC rocky's kernel, will be mostly based on Rocky standard kernel with different configuration file</p> <p>Stack, Found a problem slurmrestd, will look about it for next week</p>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-19/#action-items","title":"Action items:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif to create kernel repo for kernel HPC, kernel-hpc-node\n* Jeermy, to get the ball rolling with intel GPU driver\n* Stack, Fix the slurm rest daemon and integrated it with openQA\n* Sherif, staging repo for HPC\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-19/#old-business","title":"Old business:","text":""},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-19/#2023-10-09","title":"2023-10-09:","text":"<pre><code>* None for this meeting, however we should be working on old business action items\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-19/#2023-09-21","title":"2023-09-21:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif: Get the SIG for drivers\n* Sherif: Check the names of nvidia drivers \"open , dkms and closed source\"\n* Chris: Bench mark nvidia open vs closed source\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-19/#2023-09-07","title":"2023-09-07:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif: Reaching out to AI SIG to check on hosting nvida that drivers that CIQ would like to contribute - Done and waiting to hear from them -\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-19/#2023-08-24","title":"2023-08-24:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif: To push the testing repo file to release package\n* Sherif: testing / merging the_real_swa scripts\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-19/#2023-08-10","title":"2023-08-10:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif: Looking into the openQA testing - Pending\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-19/#2023-07-27","title":"2023-07-27:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif: Reach out to jose-d about pmix - Done, no feedback yet -\n* Greg: to reach out to openPBS and cloud charly\n* Sherif: To update slurm23 to latest - Done -\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-19/#2023-07-13","title":"2023-07-13:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif needs to update the wiki - Done\n* Sherif to look into MPI stack\n* Chris will send Sherif a link with intro\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-19/#2023-06-29","title":"2023-06-29:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif release slurm23 sources - Done\n* Stack and Sherif working on the HPC list\n* Sherif email Jeremy, the slurm23 source URL - Done\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-19/#2023-06-15","title":"2023-06-15:","text":"<pre><code>* Sherif to look int openHPC slurm spec file - Pending on Sherif\n* We need to get lists of centres and HPC that are moving to Rocky to make a blog post and PR\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-19/#2023-06-01","title":"2023-06-01:","text":"<pre><code>* Get a list of packages from Jeremy to pick up from openHPC - Done\n* Greg / Sherif talk in Rocky / RESF about generic SIG for common packages such as chaintools\n* Plan the openHPC demo Chris / Sherif - Done\n* Finlise the slurm package with naming / configuration - Done\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-19/#2023-05-18","title":"2023-05-18:","text":"<pre><code>* Get a demo / technical talk after 4 weeks \"Sherif can arrange that with Chris\" - Done\n* Getting a list of packages that openHPC would like to move to distros \"Jeremy will be point of contact if we need those in couple of weeks\" - Done\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-19/#2023-05-04","title":"2023-05-04","text":"<pre><code>* Start building slurm - On going, a bit slowing down with R9.2 and R8.8 releases, however packages are built, some minor configurations needs to be fixed -\n* Start building apptainer - on hold -\n* Start building singulartiry - on hold -\n* Start building warewulf - on hold -\n* Sherif: check about forums - done, we can have our own section if we want, can be discussed over the chat -\n</code></pre>"},{"location":"events/meeting-notes/2023-10-19/#2023-04-20","title":"2023-04-20","text":"<pre><code>* Reach out to other communities \u201cGreg\u201d - on going -\n* Reaching out for different sites that uses Rocky for HPC \u201cStack will ping few of them and others as well -Group effort-\u201d\n* Reaching out to hardware vendors - nothing done yet -\n* Statistic / public registry for sites / HPC to add themselves if they want - nothing done yet -\n</code></pre>"}]}