# SIG/HPC meeting 2023-12-14

## Attendees:
    * Sherif Nagy
    * Neil Hanlon
    * Matt Bidwell
    * Rich Adams
    * Chris Simmons
    * Jeremy Siadal

## Follow ups

* No movement on wiki yet, maybe over break
* Cnode Kernel - no movement
* Compare spec files for Warewulf vs OpenHPC - Done!
    * Thank you Sherif
    * Building warewulf4 for rocky 8 and rocky 9
        * Can we keep this name w/ openhpc?
        * Chris - next release will also rename warewulf to warewulf3 to distinguish
* Request SB Certs for HPC cnode kernel from Security - Requested
    * Requested - No update 
* Investigate what resources are required for testing - Neil
    * Not done yet
* Create POC script to create tickets when new slurm is available - Neil
    * No movement
* Sherif waiting to hear from Jeremy about Intel GPU drivers
    * Should have heard from them. Jeremy will follow up with them to see what happened

## Discussions

* last meeting of 2023; skip Dec 28th. next meeting will be Jan 11 -- needs announcing
    * Happy holidays!
* slurm naming - slurm22 / slurm23 / slurm24
    * slurm24 is coming out soon
    * plan to support whatever schedmd is supporting -- two most recent releases
* Testing resources for SIG/HPC
    * NVidia V100s - OK?
        * Cannot test MIG (multi-instance GPU) with that device
        * Sherif can take some of these after they decomm their current HPC, but not sure on timeframe 
    * Need a place to host these, maybe RESF can do something
        * Neil is tracking this, to have better update in January
* chris is working on testing for different schedulers
* Warewulf -- OpenHPC needs to make naming more consistent
    * will remove warewulf4 from builds once it's in Rocky and other openhpc distros
    * Rocky not worrying about v3, openhpc will continue providing that
* Slurm / pmix support
    * on for rocky 9 branch
    * there is a pmix5, but ... it's broken. Chris is looking at this over holiday break
    * rocky only has pmix 3.2, so if we need new features we may need to build and release in the SIG
    * newer versions (4) are backwards compatible, or, are supposed to be

## Action items

* Sherif to finish/complete work on the wiki
* Decide what is being put into cnode kernel, what is being removed - Jeremy
* Request SB Certs for HPC cnode kernel from Security - Requested
    * Requested
* Create POC script to create tickets when new slurm is available - Neil
* Change warewulf -> warewulf3 in next openhpc release - Chris
* Announce meeting cancelations for December - Neil/Sherif
* Look into building pmix4 for rocky and building slurm23.11 w/ pmix support - Sherif
* Follow up with Intel Driver team - Jeremy

## Old business

### 2023-11-30

* Sherif to finish/complete work on the wiki
    * Not done
* Decide what is being put into cnode kernel, what is being removed - Jeremy
    * No updates
* Request SB Certs for HPC cnode kernel from Security - Requested
    * Requested
* Compare spec files for Warewulf vs OpenHPC - Sherif
    * Not done yet
* Investigate what resources are required for testing - Neil
    * Not done yet
* Create POC script to create tickets when new slurm is available - Neil

### 2023-11-15

* Sherif to finish/complete work on the wiki
    * Not done
* Sherif to add Jeremy and Chris to gitusers and sig_hpc - Done
* Decide what is being put into cnode kernel, what is being removed - Jeremy
    * No updates
* Request SB Certs for HPC cnode kernel from Security - Requested
    * Requested
* Compare spec files for Warewulf vs OpenHPC - Sherif
    * Not done yet
* Investigate what resources are required for testing - Neil
    * Not done yet

### 2023-11-02
    * Sherif to work on abit on the wiki - Not done
    * Sherif to add Jeremy and Chris to the git user groups

### 2023-10-19:
    * Sherif to create kernel repo for kernel HPC, kernel-hpc-node, called now kernel-cnode - Done -
    * Jeermy, to get the ball rolling with intel GPU driver
    * Stack, Fix the slurm rest daemon and integrated it with openQA

### 2023-10-05:
    * None for this meeting, however we should be working on old business action items

### 2023-09-21:
    * Sherif: Get the SIG for drivers
    * Sherif: Check the names of nvidia drivers "open , dkms and closed source"
    * Chris: Bench mark nvidia open vs closed source

### 2023-09-07:
    * Sherif: Reaching out to AI SIG to check on hosting nvida that drivers that CIQ would like to contribute - Done and waiting to hear from them -

### 2023-08-24:
    * Sherif: To push the testing repo file to release package
    * Sherif: testing / merging the_real_swa scripts

### 2023-08-10:
    * Sherif: Looking into the openQA testing - Pending

### 2023-07-27:
    * Sherif: Reach out to jose-d about pmix - Done, no feedback yet -
    * Greg: to reach out to openPBS and cloud charly
    * Sherif: To update slurm23 to latest - Done -

### 2023-07-13:
    * Sherif needs to update the wiki - Done
    * Sherif to look into MPI stack
    * Chris will send Sherif a link with intro

### 2023-06-29:
    * Sherif release slurm23 sources - Done
    * Stack and Sherif working on the HPC list
    * Sherif email Jeremy, the slurm23 source URL - Done

### 2023-06-15:
    * Sherif to look int openHPC slurm spec file - Pending on Sherif
    * We need to get lists of centres and HPC that are moving to Rocky to make a blog post and PR

### 2023-06-01:
    * Get a list of packages from Jeremy to pick up from openHPC - Done
    * Greg / Sherif talk in Rocky / RESF about generic SIG for common packages such as chaintools
    * Plan the openHPC demo Chris / Sherif - Done
    * Finlise the slurm package with naming / configuration - Done

### 2023-05-18:
    * Get a demo / technical talk after 4 weeks "Sherif can arrange that with Chris" - Done
    * Getting a list of packages that openHPC would like to move to distros "Jeremy will be point of contact if we need those in couple of weeks" - Done

### 2023-05-04
    * Start building slurm - On going, a bit slowing down with R9.2 and R8.8 releases, however packages are built, some minor configurations needs to be fixed -
    * Start building apptainer - on hold -
    * Start building singulartiry - on hold -
    * Start building warewulf - on hold -
    * Sherif: check about forums - done, we can have our own section if we want, can be discussed over the chat -

### 2023-04-20
    * Reach out to other communities “Greg” - on going -
    * Reaching out for different sites that uses Rocky for HPC “Stack will ping few of them and others as well -Group effort-”
    * Reaching out to hardware vendors - nothing done yet -
    * Statistic / public registry for sites / HPC to add themselves if they want - nothing done yet -
