# SIG/HPC meeting 2023-05-04

## Attendees:

    * Neil Hanlon
    * Matt Bidwell
    * Stack
    * Sherif
    * Nick Eggleston
    * Gregory Kurtzer
    * Forrest Burt

## Package lists
    * Slurm - Epel
    * Apptainer - Epel
    * Lustre - lustre.org , no server for el9 
    * Warewulf - HPCNG github only el8
    * Easybuild 
    * OpenHPC
    * Spack
    * openmpi *with slurm support*
    * glusterfs-server gluster-selinux
    * NIS, ypserv , ypbind, yptools nss_nis
    * fail2ban
    * Lmod
    * conda
    * sstack

## Discussions:

Greg: suggesting to have our own slurm, apptainer, singulatory, Warewulf
Greg: We can reach to DDN about anything related to Luster
Sherif: Suggesting to start building packages
Nick: To build the community we need to start looking into documentation and forums
Stack: we need to be careful and have strong justification for rebuilding stuff that exists in Epel
Greg: asked how HPC centre prefer to manage / or already managing their slurm setup
Few members mentioned one of the following two methods:
    * Keep upgrading on minor version of slurm
    * Keep upgrading on minor version of slurm then a major upgrade in a scheduled maintains window

Greg and Nick: adding major-minor version in package name something like python2/3
Sherif: Asking about Testing methodology with testing team
Stack: They hope at some point they are able to test all sigs and working on getting OpenQA build for this

## Action items:

    * Start building slurm
    * Start building apptainer
    * Start building singulartiry
    * Start building warewulf
    * Greg reach out for OpenHPC - done
    * Sherif: check about fourms

## Old business:

    * List of applications “Thread on MM to post pkgs” - We have an idea now of which packages we need to build -
    * Building blocks which are each pkg as a building block such as lustre, openHPC, slurm, etc… - We have an idea of what we need to do -
    * Reach out to other communities “Greg” - on going -
    * Reaching out for different sites that uses Rocky for HPC “Stack will ping few of them and others as well -Group effort-”
    * Reaching out to hardware vendors - nothing done yet - 
    * Statistic / public registry for sites / HPC to add themselves if they want - nothing done yet -
    * Meeting will be bi-weekly “Tantive Thursday 9:00PM UTC” - Agreed -
    * Documentations - Wiki is in place but still need some work -
