# SIG/HPC meeting 2023-06-01

## Attendees:
    * Jeremy Siadal
    * Sherif
    * Gregory Kurtzer
    * David DeBonis
    * Chris Simmons

## Discussions:
    Getting toolchains outside of openHPC such as automake
    Greg: We need to talk if we need to have a generic SIG for toolchains
    Greg: We need to look into adding more release packages such as intel compiler
    Brain storm ideas about optimizing binaries
    David: What would be the interest of having a light weight kernel for HPC
    Jeremy: mentioning intel light weight kernel https://github.com/intel/mos
    Chris: asking if there is any benchmark, hard numbers between shipped kernel and light weight kernel, so far, nothing solid
    Sherif: Slurm now is build but not in standard path and we agreed we are going to move standard path 
    Greg: make sure you have the provide type
    Chris: also make sure that downgrade works
    Greg and Chris, we can also contribute to openHPC documentation

## Action items:
    * Get a list of packages from Jeremy to pick up from openHPC
    * Greg / Sherif talk in Rocky / RESF about generic SIG for common packages such as chaintools
    * Plan the openHPC demo Chris / Sherif
    * Finlise the slurm package with naming / configuration

## Old business:

## 2023-05-18:
    * Get a demo / technical talk after 4 weeks "Sherif can arrange that with Chris"
    * Getting a list of packages that openHPC would like to move to distros "Jeremy will be point of contact if we need those in couple of weeks"

## 2023-05-04
    * Start building slurm - On going , a bit slowing down with R9.2 and R8.8 releases, however packages are built, some minor configurations needs to be fixed -
    * Start building apptainer - on hold -
    * Start building singulartiry - on hold -
    * Start building warewulf - on hold -
    * Sherif: check about forums - done, we can have our own section if we want, can be discussed over the chat -

## 2023-04-20
    * Reach out to other communities “Greg” - on going -
    * Reaching out for different sites that uses Rocky for HPC “Stack will ping few of them and others as well -Group effort-”
    * Reaching out to hardware vendors - nothing done yet -
    * Statistic / public registry for sites / HPC to add themselves if they want - nothing done yet -
