# SIG/HPC meeting 2023-05-18

## Attendees:
    * Stack
    * Forrest Burt
    * Nick Eggleston
    * David H
    * Jeremy Siadal
    * Al Bowles
    * Chris Simmons
    * Sherif

## Discussions:
Chris: Are we willing to support all openHPC stack or just the modules and how we imagine achieving this?
Jeremy: Clear a bit of distro related stuff from openHPC would be great such as automake / autoconf
Stack: We need to have a base line so people can start use rocky on HPC and make Rocky accessible
Chris: A Demo / technical talk in 4 weeks
Chris: Are we going to focus on 8 and 9?
Stack and Chris, would be great if we can focus on 9
Sherif: I hope we can do both but with 9 in the spotlight "this needs to be a SIG decision"
Stack: Question, if we start moving openHPC within HPC sig are they going support more distros, we don't want to break packages for other EL distros
Chris: so far testing on Rocky as the only supported EL distro

## Action items:
    * Get a demo / technical talk after 4 weeks "Sherif can arrange that with Chris"
    * Getting a list of packages that openHPC would like to move to distros "Jeremy will be point of contact if we need those in couple of weeks"

## Old business:

## 2023-05-04
    * Start building slurm - On going , a bit slowing down with R9.2 and R8.8 releases, however packages are built, some minor configurations needs to be fixed -
    * Start building apptainer - on hold -
    * Start building singulartiry - on hold -
    * Start building warewulf - on hold -
    * Sherif: check about forums - done, we can have our own section if we want, can be discussed over the chat -

## 2023-04-20

    * Reach out to other communities “Greg” - on going -
    * Reaching out for different sites that uses Rocky for HPC “Stack will ping few of them and others as well -Group effort-”
    * Reaching out to hardware vendors - nothing done yet -
    * Statistic / public registry for sites / HPC to add themselves if they want - nothing done yet -
