# SIG/HPC meeting 2023-06-29

## Attendees:
    * Matt Bidwell
    * Al Bowles
    * Forrest Burt
    * David H
    * Trevor Cooper
    * Jeremy Siadal
    * David DeBonis
    * Sherif
    * Brian Clemens

## Discussions:

Sherif, Explains how slurm packaging is done so far

Sherif, Recap what we are doing in the SIG in terms of packages and so on

Al, do we have a testing plan, are we going to use QA?

Sherif, No testing documentation yet, but we are working on getting this done

Jeremy, Question about Redhat closing sources

Sherif, Explained the UBI and the cloud method based on the latest Rocky blog post https://rockylinux.org/news/keeping-open-source-open/

Jeremy, Maybe in the future we will divert from redhat for example an HPC optimized kernel

Sherif, we will release the SIG repo packages today

## Action items:

    * Sherif release slurm23 sources
    * Stack and Sherif working on the HPC list
    * Sherif email Jeremy, the slurm23 source URL

## Old business:

## 2023-06-15:
    * Sherif to look int openHPC slurm spec file - Pending on Sherif
    * We need to get lists of centres and HPC that are moving to Rocky to make a blog post and PR

## 2023-06-01:
    * Get a list of packages from Jeremy to pick up from openHPC - Done
    * Greg / Sherif talk in Rocky / RESF about generic SIG for common packages such as chaintools
    * Plan the openHPC demo Chris / Sherif - Done
    * Finlise the slurm package with naming / configuration - Done

## 2023-05-18:
    * Get a demo / technical talk after 4 weeks "Sherif can arrange that with Chris" - Done
    * Getting a list of packages that openHPC would like to move to distros "Jeremy will be point of contact if we need those in couple of weeks" - Done

## 2023-05-04
    * Start building slurm - On going, a bit slowing down with R9.2 and R8.8 releases, however packages are built, some minor configurations needs to be fixed -
    * Start building apptainer - on hold -
    * Start building singulartiry - on hold -
    * Start building warewulf - on hold -
    * Sherif: check about forums - done, we can have our own section if we want, can be discussed over the chat -

## 2023-04-20
    * Reach out to other communities “Greg” - on going -
    * Reaching out for different sites that uses Rocky for HPC “Stack will ping few of them and others as well -Group effort-”
    * Reaching out to hardware vendors - nothing done yet -
    * Statistic / public registry for sites / HPC to add themselves if they want - nothing done yet -
