# SIG/HPC Meeting 2024-01-25 

## Attendees 

* Sherif Nagy
* Neil Hanlon
* Forrest Burt
* Chris Simmons

## Follow Ups 

* Packages
  * Slurm23.11 - In staging, needs testing
    * This gives us slurm22, slurm23 (with is 23.05), and slurm23.11
    * Built with UCX on all except s390x (as UCX is not built for s390x)
  * Warewulf4 - published
    * Thank you Brian Phan for testing this!
  * Lustre - Sherif investigating
* PMIX / slurm23
  * Bug reported upstream a few months back, fix available, seems to be working in OpenHPC
  * [ ] Chris to track down slurm/pmix on Rocky 8 and see if it's working or not for next meeting
* cNode Kernel
  * No updates yet
* SecureBoot Certs - Requested
* [ ] Notification for package updates upstream
* Wiki Updates - Neil and Sherif will work on this at FOSDEM/CentOS Connect

## Discussions

* Next meeting (8 Feb)
  * Neil and Sherif traveling back from conferences
* FOSDEM and CentOS Connect
  * Forrest and Brian Phan giving presentations on Apptainer/Warewulf
  * adrianreber from OpenHPC team will be at FOSDEM
    * Neil wants to nag him about a Mirrormanager bug
* Package list - Update
  * [ ] Neil to create tickets for documentation on packages we've added, update list of what is yet to come 
* Testing
  * Brainstorm test scenarios we want to create for slurm, warewulf
  * Stack is awol due to ðŸ‘¶, so we have some time to decide what we want to have a clear ask to Testing
 
### Open Floor

* N/A

### Action Items

* [ ] Chris to track down slurm/pmix on Rocky 8 and see if it's working or not for next meeting
* [ ] Neil to create tickets for documentation on packages we've added, update list of what is yet to come 
* [ ] Notification for package updates upstream
