# SIG/HPC Meeting 2024-03-07

## Attendees

* Forrest Burt
* Brian Phan
* Sherif Nagy
* Enrico Billi
* Neil Hanlon
* Jeremy Siadal
* Chris Stackpole

## Old Business

* Intel Driver -
  * Sherif is working on this, has a prototype, needs DKMS
    * Used `make spec` script in the branch to create spec, and import from there
    * We think that upstream should adopt a different format/packaging methodology
      * Perhaps [packit](https://packit.dev) could be helpful?
  * What branch/version to use?
    * rhel-specific branches say not to use them; use the 'backports' branches instead
    * sherif appears to be in the right place
  * Next steps:
    * Neil to bring dkms from epel into projects 
    * Sherif to upload to public location for review and testing
    * Jeremy to work on testing with some latest hardware
  * AI SIG
    * where will userspace tools live? HPC? AI? Both?
      * Neil: it should be reasonable for us to have the ability to easily release a package in multiple SIGs
* NVidia GPU driver Testing - 
  * Did not get time to review [Chris's work](https://github.com/mghpcsim/gpu-testing/tree/master) - will try to review this cycle
* Kernel Cnode / MoS
  * re-actioning - Jeremy to work on once he has some time

## New Business

* Testing Warewulf - Brian
  * Current plan: put the tests upstream into Warewulf repo, Testing team can pull from / engage with upstream
    * What precisely are we going to test?
      * Functional/E2E tests -- provision a small cluster, etc (see last week's [discussions](https://sig-hpc.rocky.page/events/meeting-notes/2024-02-22/#discussions))
      * Future work can include e.g. slurm
    * Chris to check on status of slurm
* Packages to bring in
  * [List](https://sig-hpc.rocky.page/packages/) on the wiki; needs updating (along with the rest of the wiki)
  * if anyone wants to bring something in, has questions, etc. Please ask/get in touch!
* Neil to update the wiki

## Open Floor

* Vulnerability in [lustre](http://lists.lustre.org/pipermail/lustre-announce-lustre.org/2024/000270.html) - related to user namespaces
  * Sherif was working on lustre-server, but it's a beast
  * DDN already builds RPMS, but... is it worth it to rebuild vs just use upstream?
    * Sherif: thinks it makes sense to rebuild against our specific user/kernel space
    * there are lustre-server for 8, but not 9, it appears.. why?
      * documentation supports this but again.. why?
      * Sherif to look into why lustre-server exists for 8 but not 9
* Next meeting in two weeks on Thursday, March 1

## Action Items

* [ ] Chris to check on status of slurm
* [ ] Neil to update the wiki
* [ ] Sherif to look into why lustre-server exists for 8 but not 9
* [ ] Neil to bring dkms from epel into projects
* [ ] Sherif to upload to public location for review and testing
* [ ] Jeremy to work on testing with some latest hardware
