# SIG/HPC Meeting 2024-02-08

## Attendees 

* Sherif Nagy
* Neil Hanlon
* Chris Simmons

(Neil forgot to take attendence)

## Follow Ups 

* Slurm 23.11.5 in production 
  * Adjust conflicts and provides for older packages
* Meeting with intel on Monday re: GPU drivers; need insight on testin
  * Monday @4PM Eastern (?) - chris will invite NEil
  * Secureboot support? 
  * Driver is fully open source
* no update from chris on PMIX
* no movement on Lustre filesystem yet
* Neil to put in [tickets](https://git.resf.org/sig_hpc/meta/issues) actually for [[Meeting/2024-01-25/Rocky/SIG/HPC|Last Meeting]] 
* Brian Phan and Forrest Burt gave talks on Warewulf/Apptainer
* Sherif and Brian met up at FOSDEM and discussed testing for WW, and what we can/should test

## Discussions

* (Neil had to leave early)
 
### Open Floor

* N/A

### Action Items

* N/A
